#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
allure-behave==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
allure-python-commons==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allure-behave
    #   behavex
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.13.2
    # via azure-cli
applicationinsights==0.11.10
    # via azure-cli-telemetry
argcomplete==3.5.3
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
art==6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
astroid==3.3.11
    # via pylint
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
azure-appconfiguration==1.7.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-batch==15.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli==2.76.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cli-core==2.76.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli-telemetry==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli-core
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deployments
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentscripts
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentstacks
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-templatespecs
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via
    #   azure-appconfiguration
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-keyvault-securitydomain
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   msrest
azure-cosmos==3.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-data-tables==12.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-datalake-store==1.0.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-identity==1.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-administration==4.4.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.7.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.11.0b1
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-securitydomain==1.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-advisor==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-apimanagement==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appconfiguration==5.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appcontainers==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-applicationinsights==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-authorization==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batch==17.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batchai==7.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-billing==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-botservice==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cdn==12.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices==13.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-compute==34.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==10.2.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==14.1.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerservice==38.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-core==1.6.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deployments
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentscripts
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentstacks
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-templatespecs
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==9.8.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-databoxedge==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datalake-store==1.1.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datamigration==10.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventgrid==10.2.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventhub==12.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-extendedlocation==1.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-hdinsight==9.0.0b3
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-imagebuilder==1.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iotcentral==10.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothub==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-keyvault==12.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==13.0.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-maps==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-media==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-monitor==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-msi==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers==1.0.0b3
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-netapp==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-policyinsights==1.1.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers==1.1.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-privatedns==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-rdbms==10.2.0b17
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==3.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==9.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift==1.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redis==14.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource==23.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource-deployments==1.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentscripts==1.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentstacks==1.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource-templatespecs==1.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-search==9.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-security==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicebus==10.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabric==2.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters==2.1.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicelinker==1.2.0b3
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-signalr==2.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sql==4.0.0b21
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine==1.0.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-storage==23.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-synapse==2.1.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-web==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-monitor-query==1.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-multiapi-storage==1.4.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-storage-common==1.4.2
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-accesscontrol==0.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-artifacts==0.20.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints==0.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-spark==0.7.0
    # via azure-cli
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
behave==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allure-behave
    #   behavex
    #   behavex-images
behavex==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   behavex-images
behavex-images==3.3.1
    # via behavex
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   pygount
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   wily
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   behave
    #   radon
colorlog==4.8.0
    # via wily
configobj==5.0.9
    # via behavex
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via behavex
cucumber-expressions==18.0.1
    # via behave
cucumber-tag-expressions==6.2.0
    # via behave
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.2.1
    # via fabric
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   fabric
    #   pygithub
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
elementpath==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fabric==3.2.2
    # via azure-cli
faker==37.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   behavex-images
    #   virtualenv
future==1.0.0
    # via radon
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via
    #   pygount
    #   wily
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wsproto
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via azure-cli-core
identify==2.6.13
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trio
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
invoke==2.2.0
    # via fabric
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-appconfiguration
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-keyvault-securitydomain
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deployments
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentscripts
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentstacks
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-templatespecs
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   msrest
isort==6.0.1
    # via pylint
javaproperties==0.5.2
    # via azure-cli
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   behavex
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
knack==0.11.0
    # via azure-cli-core
mando==0.6.4
    # via radon
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
microsoft-security-utilities-secret-masker==1.0.0b4
    # via azure-cli-core
minify-html==0.16.4
    # via behavex
mouseinfo==0.1.3
    # via pyautogui
msal==1.33.0b1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via wily
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   behavex
    #   black
    #   knack
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
panda==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
    #   fabric
    #   scp
    #   sshtunnel
parse==1.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
parse-type==0.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   behave
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pbr==7.0.1
    # via testresources
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   behavex-images
    #   selenium-screenshot
pkginfo==1.12.1.2
    # via azure-cli-core
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
plotly==5.24.1
    # via wily
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-telemetry
    #   msal-extensions
pre-commit==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
progress==1.6.1
    # via wily
psutil==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli-core
py==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
py-deviceid==0.1.1
    # via azure-cli-core
pyautogui==0.9.54
    # via -r requirements.in
pycomposefile==0.0.34
    # via azure-cli
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygetwindow==0.0.9
    # via pyautogui
pygithub==1.59.1
    # via azure-cli
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   knack
    #   pygount
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pygount==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyhamcrest==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
pylint==3.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pymsgbox==1.0.9
    # via pyautogui
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   paramiko
    #   pygithub
pyodbc==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via azure-cli-core
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via mouseinfo
pyrect==0.2.0
    # via pygetwindow
pyscreeze==1.0.1
    # via pyautogui
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
pytest==8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
python3-xlib==0.15
    # via
    #   mouseinfo
    #   pyautogui
pytweening==1.2.0
    # via pyautogui
pyupgrade==3.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   knack
    #   pre-commit
    #   pycomposefile
radon==5.1.0
    # via wily
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests[socks]==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   panda
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
rich==14.1.0
    # via pygount
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.12.10
    # via -r requirements.in
scp==0.13.6
    # via azure-cli
selenium==4.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium-screenshot
selenium-screenshot==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==3.0.4
    # via azure-cli
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   behave
    #   javaproperties
    #   mando
    #   parse-type
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
sshtunnel==0.1.5
    # via azure-cli
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   knack
    #   wily
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via plotly
testresources==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenize-rt==6.2.0
    # via pyupgrade
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbformat
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-keyvault-securitydomain
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-mysqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-postgresqlflexibleservers
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deployments
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentscripts
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-deploymentstacks
    #   azure-mgmt-resource-templatespecs
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   selenium
tzdata==2025.2
    # via faker
urllib3[socks]==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
    #   requests
    #   selenium
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via pre-commit
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via azure-cli
wily==1.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
zipp==3.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
